Add Get device mode capabilities action to Sensibo (#36736)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sensibo.markdown

## Custom actions

### Get device mode capabilities

As the below custom actions [Full state](#full-state) and [Climate react](#climate-react) both require their inputs to be exactly what the API requires, this custom action will provide the capabilities for the device for a certain HVAC mode to help the users on using those actions properly.

1. Go to [Developer Tools](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/server_controls/).

> 2. Switch to the "Actions" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Switch to the **Actions** page.
```

3. Use the `sensibo.get_device_capabilities` action.
4. Select the `climate` entity as the target.
5. Select the `hvac_mode` from the available list.

> 6. Click on "Perform action" to retrieve the available options per capability for that particular `climate` entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **Perform action** to retrieve the available options per capability for that particular `climate` entity.
```
